feat(edge-services): update doc following migration (#6556)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/edge-services/faq.mdx

### What is Edge Services?

> Edge Services is a comprehensive solution for exposing HTTP services to the internet with built-in security, reliability, and performance. Creating Edge Services [pipelines](/edge-services/concepts/#pipeline) towards your Scaleway resources provides:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edge Services is a comprehensive solution for exposing HTTP services to the internet with built-in security, reliability, and performance. Creating Edge Services [pipelines](/edge-services/concepts/#pipeline) toward your Scaleway resources provides:
```

- A [caching service](/edge-services/how-to/configure-cache/) to improve performance by reducing load on your [backend](/edge-services/concepts/#backend), and 
- A [Web Application Firewall](/edge-services/how-to/configure-waf/) to protect your backend from threats and malicious activity, and
- A customizable and secure endpoint for accessing content via Edge Services, which can be set to a subdomain of your choice and secured with an SSL/TLS certificate.

<Lightbox image={image} alt="A diagram shows the elements and workflow of an Edge Services pipeline. The user connects to the customizable Edge Services endpoint (with its SSL/TLS certificate), which fetches content from the Edge Services cache, which itself fetches content to cache from a backend. A Web Application Firewall sits between the cache and backend, protecting the backend from threats." />

### What is WAF?

> **W**eb **A**pplication **F**irewall is a feature available via Edge Services. When enabled, WAF filters requests to your backend to determine whether they are potentially malicious. You can choose the [paranoia level](/edge-services/concepts/#paranoia-level) to be used when evaluating requests, and set [exclusions](/edge-services/concepts/#exclusions) to define traffic that should not be filtered by WAF. Requests that are judged to be malicious are blocked or logged, depending on the settings you choose. Find out more about WAF in our [detailed documentation](/edge-services/reference-content/understanding-waf/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**W**eb **A**pplication **F**irewall is a feature available via Edge Services. When enabled, WAF filters requests to your backend to determine whether they are potentially malicious. You can choose the [paranoia level](/edge-services/concepts/#paranoia-level) used when evaluating requests, and set [exclusions](/edge-services/concepts/#exclusions) to define traffic that should not be filtered by WAF. Requests identified as malicious are blocked or logged depending on your settings. Find out more about WAF in our [detailed documentation](/edge-services/reference-content/understanding-waf/).
```
